[17.0][ADD] sale_order_warehouse_header (#76)
solvosci/slv-sale: sale_order_move_warehouse/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> Hide warehouse field and show it in the header only in multi warehouse mode.

Reviewer: Better this more human readable summary:
```suggestion
Moves warehouse field in sales orders form to header, so it becomes more accessible.
```
